write_credits_file          Module::Install::Credits
write_copyright_file        Module::Install::Copyright
cc_warnings                 Module::Install::XSUtil
use_ppport                  Module::Install::XSUtil
cc_define                   Module::Install::XSUtil
cc_include_paths            Module::Install::XSUtil
cc_src_paths                Module::Install::XSUtil
install_headers             Module::Install::XSUtil
prepan                      Module::Install::PrePAN
use_testml_tap              Module::Install::TestML
install_sharefile           Module::Install::ShareFile
auto_set_repository         Module::Install::Repository
auto_set_homepage           Module::Install::Homepage
checklibs                   Module::Install::CheckLib
catalyst                    Module::Install::Catalyst
extra_tests                 Module::Install::ExtraTests
auto_set_bugtracker         Module::Install::Bugtracker
githubmeta                  Module::Install::GithubMeta
standard_test               Module::Install::StandardTests
use_test_base               Module::Install::TestBase
cpanfile                    Module::Install::CPANfile
check_conflicts             Module::Install::CheckConflicts
manifest_skip               Module::Install::ManifestSkip
auto_tester                 Module::Install::AutomatedTester
readme_from                 Module::Install::ReadmeFromPod
authority                   Module::Install::Authority
auto_license                Module::Install::AutoLicense
author_requires             Module::Install::AuthorRequires
author_tests                Module::Install::AuthorTests
contributors                Module::Install::Contributors
installdirs                 Module::Install::InstallDirs
